[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Pam, a very warm welcome.
Thank you so much
for being here.
You know, again, I have the
pleasure of introducing you
as a personal
friend and a mentor,
because you've actually helped
me get my first book out there.
And it became a
number one bestseller.
And I'm speaking to you as
a 10-times Amazon number one
bestseller.
You're a true go-getter,
a true entrepreneur
in the absolute
trueness of the word.
You're very inspiring to women
from all walks that are really
trying to get out there
and do what they love.
And you've just
recently spent some time
with Sir Richard Branson
on his private island.
>> Yeah.
That was amazing.
Absolutely.
Thanks, Jo, for having me.
I mean you got me a bit
teary there for a minute--
so much that we've
done together.
It's been a wild ride.
>> It really has, and you know,
I guess the very first thing
that I want to ask, because, you
know, you're highly successful,
and you have been for the
majority of your life.
But there was one segment
in your life some time ago,
where it wasn't always that way.
And I was wondering
if you could just
start by sharing
with us what occurred
in your life at that time when
things were running so well,
and you're at the height of
your success in your career.
And what took a
turn the other way?
>> Yeah, no, that's a good--
really great question, Jo,
because it seems
like so long ago now.
And then sometimes it
seems like just yesterday.
I was really
successful on my own.
I bought two properties
by the age of 35,
doubled my money every
time, had the share market.
Everything was going smooth.
I met my husband later in
life, had my beautiful son,
and life was just awesome.
And then I was just
given an opportunity.
I was a really savvy woman.
I was given an opportunity to
buy our first million dollar
home.
And my husband just
thought-- we'd just
given birth to our son.
He was only 10 months old.
He said, this is sort of not
the time to be taking on,
we're on one's salary.
But me, I was the gung ho
woman, said, we could do it,
we could do it.
And so we went ahead and did it.
And it was the worst
financial decision of my life.
And six months after
we bought that house,
we lost it and lost everything.
>> So just one decision in your
life went from being the best
ever to--
>> It just flatlined.
>> Flatlined, so financially, an
enormous loss down to nothing.
>> Huge, huge.
We had to borrow a lot of
money from family and friends
to keep our head above water.
So I got a $30,000
credit card debt,
and I had to borrow
money off my family
just to keep a
roof over our head.
And we just had to go and
move into this little horrible
red brick unit and survive.
>> So you know, coming from
somebody who's so high energy,
so positively minded,
and, you know, today,
we're looking really through
the lenses of mindset
and mindfulness to really
understand how we can overcome
depression and anxiety.
So coming from that place of
being always so positive to,
you know, this happening
and financial loss
that, you know, we know can
trigger the depths of safety
and security within us, what--
how did you feel at the time?
What was-- what
were you aware of?
>> When it happened, I just
spiraled out of control.
I just had never
dealt with this ever.
And then I had to
deal with the guilt,
because my husband, who'd been
an entrepreneur all his life,
had to start paying the bills.
So he had to go
and get a job doing
something he absolutely hated.
So not only was I having
to deal with the fact
that we were living on
the breadline, basically.
He'd come home every
day and look at me,
and all he wanted to do
was be with his little boy,
and I put him in this position.
So the guilt was huge.
And so for the next four years.
I just pretty much
became a shell
of who I was and was just
living Groundhog Day.
I'd just wake up, feed
my child, go to bed,
and that was my life.
>> And so you experiencing,
at that time, you know,
difficulty in even leaving
the property to go out during
the day or, you know,
just to function normally.
Even just the normal day to day
tasks were an effort for you.
>> I didn't--
I went through a stage, where--
we live in a beautiful area, and
my son had just started school.
So I was in this
position for four years.
I didn't snap out of
it for four years.
And then my son
started getting invited
to all these
beautiful homes, and I
went to go and pick him up.
And then he'd always
say to me, Mommy,
can people come and
play at our house?
And I'd say no, because
I was too embarrassed
to bring people there.
And that just made it get deeper
and deeper, spiraling down.
What sort of mom am I
to not let people come
and play with their children?
So it all just became
about this whole life
I had created that I
was too embarrassed
to share with the world.
So that just made it worse.
>> So can I ask, over
that-- you know, that time,
those four years, did
you find yourself relying
on anti-depressants
or medication?
Did you seek help?
>> No, I'm one of these people
who I'm very independent.
I just stay within myself.
I talked to my mom a
lot, and my mom helped me
through a lot of times.
And I got to a comfort
place, where I just wasn't
a successful person anymore.
And I just thought,
you know what?
Maybe this is as
good as it gets.
And so I just lived
every day with,
you know, wake up, do what
I do, look after my kid,
take him to school, bring him
home, and that was my life,
whereas before this happened,
I could conquer anything.
You know, I strived to
be somebody in my life
and make a bigger
impact in everything,
but I lost all that.
It was gone.
So I just sat there
and did nothing really.
>> So you described
to me before--
before we started chatting,
you were saying to me
that that four-year period,
as you described it,
was Groundhog Day, and also a
feeling of complete numbness
that you just-- you
know, you really
couldn't feel any real emotion
or motivation to do anything.
And did you realize at the
time that you were depressed?
>> No, I didn't realize until
I looked back at that time.
My husband and I went
through a really bad time,
where I was just angry.
And I was angry that I
made the wrong decision,
and I was angry that
we were stuck here.
And so it caused a
lot of angst at home,
and then I kind of realized
that it wasn't even him.
It was just me imploding.
You know, I was just sitting
there going, well, great,
this is Pam Brossman's life.
Is this all I'm going
to amount to in life?
And I just was miserable.
I was unhappy, so much so that
I was just walking around.
As you said, I was numb.
I didn't really just--
I just existed.
>> So in that numbness, did you
did you also find that you felt
a little bit of the victim
and self-pity, you know,
because in that place--
and it's so hard to pick
yourself out of it--
you sit in a place of
just blaming yourself
and those around you
and the situation.
Was that true for you?
>> I-- Jo, I was angry.
I blamed somebody else for the
situation for those four years.
And I used that anger
to stay where I was.
And then one day, I
realized that if I
don't take responsibility
for making that decision that
put me in this
place, then I'm not
going to get out
of this hellhole.
And so I then had to
take responsibility
for, I made a mistake, and
then one day, my mom said
to me on the phone-- she said,
Pam, you got to the top once.
You can do it again.
And I thought, you know what?
My son deserves a better life.
She's right.
And that's when I flicked
my switch back on.
>> So was that-- that was the
light bulb moment for you.
>> That was it for me.
My son came home crying one
day, and he just looked at me
and said, Mommy, I want children
to be able to play with me.
Why can't I bring them home?
And I just thought,
this hole that I'm in,
how can I inspire
my own son to be
the best person he can be in
life when his mom's given up?
And I did it for the
love of my child.
Yeah.
>>I did it.
>> I did it for him.
>> Take a breath.
It takes courage.
It takes real courage.
>> I just go back in time.
It was a really, really
sad time in my life.
>> So in that time leading
up to that light bulb moment,
where everything changed--
>> Yeah.
>> --do you have any day to
day tools that helped you get
through, or literally until that
light bulb moment that almost,
you know, slap, the--
were beautiful words
from your mother.
>> Yeah.
>> Were you-- what were your
coping strategies up until that
point?
Or you feel you didn't
really have any,
that you were just existing?
>> I wasn't--
I didn't have any skills.
All I was doing was my
husband was providing for us,
even though he was miserable,
and I was providing for my son.
That was it.
I didn't do anything
outside my comfort zone.
I didn't spend any money.
Every cent that my
husband made, I just
kept it towards
paying the bills.
So there was no coping, because
I didn't know how to cope.
>> OK, so then
with the, you know,
changing of the tides and the
inspirational words of wisdom
from your mom, what, then--
what was the transition?
What kind of tools did you
start to go out and seek
that helped you put
yourself out of that rut?
>> Well, the first thing
I said to my husband,
he came home from work one
day after I spoke to my mom,
and I just said, this isn't
the life I want for me,
and this is not the
life I want for my son.
We did have a little bit
of money in the unit,
because we bought the unit.
But we pretty much--
the bank owned the unit.
We didn't have much in it.
But I said, with what we've
got left in this unit, I said,
I want you to be happy.
So I-- we agreed to sell
it, and we rented it back.
And he quit his job, and
in that moment, we decided,
you know what?
We're going to get back out
there and do what we do best,
and that's Pam and Steve
Brossman success story.
So we took a little
bit of that money,
and we invested it in us.
And we went on a
millionaire cruise
with 100 other millionaire
mindset people.
And that was a game
changer for us.
And so that's when
everything changed.
It was like, you know what?
Mom's right.
I can get back out
there and do it again.
So I took responsibility
for it, and then I
decided it was time to change.
And in that moment,
everything changed.
>> So over the--
you know, over those
changing landscape,
you know, from going on the
cruise to a whole change
in mindset, which I want
to come to in a moment,
because, you know, this is a
big subject around the capacity
to really use our minds
and direct our focus
to create the reality
that we want to create.
But there's also
healing along the way.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, emotional healing
along the way for what's been
experienced and what comes up.
And you mentioned before that
there was a lot of anger,
a lot of guilt,
and a lot of shame.
Can you share with us how you've
managed, just for yourself--
because everyone's
different-- but how have you
managed to make peace with
those thoughts and feelings?
>> There was somebody who was
involved in the fact that we
lost our home.
And he happened to live
a couple of streets away.
And for those four years, I
used to see him every day.
And when I saw him, I
felt sick, because he just
represented what he put me and
my child and my family through.
So I did blame him, and
I used to get the shakes.
I felt physically
not coping, and then
when we made that decision that
I had to take responsibility
for what had happened, I
started seeing him and smiling.
And then I realized
that until I let
it go and let go of
the blame, my world
is not going to change.
It was the hardest thing
I've ever had to do,
but when I did that,
I could let it go.
And all these doors opened.
It was like the
darkness had lifted.
>> So what I'm hearing almost
is like the power of forgiveness
towards this man--
>> Yep.
Yep.
>> --released you.
>> Yep, without a doubt.
The hatred that I had for
him was just killing my soul.
It was no-- I had never
experienced as much hatred
as I had to this one person for
putting my family through this.
And then I started
reading some books
and realizing that,
you know what?
I made the ultimate decision
to go ahead with it.
He just gave me the opportunity.
And then when I took
responsibility for it
and let him go, then doors
started opening for us.
And we got success so fast.
It was crazy.
So really, I had to let it go.
>> Yeah.
So in the letting go, there was
also a shift in your mindset.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And so did you have--
were there any sort of daily
practices that once you started
to realize and become mindful
that it was very much about
what you focused on and how you
focused on it, that changed
the flow of energy and what you
could attract into your life?
Did you have daily
practices in that respect
to keep you focused?
>> I'm the sort of person who
doesn't like to have debt.
I'm really good with money,
which is why this floored me.
And so we had this
$30k debt that we
incurred having to get ourselves
out of this financial mess.
And I thought, you know what?
I don't want this
hanging over my head,
because this is what
gets people in trouble.
They took forever just
paying off the interest.
So I went in search--
being the solution person, I
went in search for a solution.
And I found a way to
get rid of that 30k debt
interest-free in six months.
And that was an
achievement for me.
And then I just saw all these
people in the same position
as me financially struggling,
and I just thought,
I can help these people.
So I wanted to get out there,
specifically women, help them
if they got themselves
into a financial mess.
And that inspired me.
And when I had that energy
that it was no longer about me,
it was about helping
other people overcome
what I'd just been through,
that was a huge shift for me.
>> So it's like you found an
even greater motive bigger than
yourself.
>> Yeah.
Yep.
>> And a real purpose to connect
to and to give you some meaning
and purpose.
And that became your drive to
continue to bring you back up.
>> Yeah, because
what happened, Jo,
is I never told
anybody what happened.
It was like that secret.
And as we started becoming
more and more successful,
I swept it further and
further under the carpet.
I thought, what impact will
this have on me and my business
my brand if people
know of my failure?
So I just let people believe
I was this successful woman
all along.
And then-- but I felt
like I was living a lie.
It was eating at me,
because I'm a very--
integrity and truth is
really important to me.
And then one day at an
event I was running,
a woman came up to me, and
I was on stage presenting.
And in the break, she came up
to me, and she started crying.
And I asked her
why she was crying,
and she said to me, Pam, I
just want to be like you.
You know, you've been
successful all your life.
And in that moment,
I just thought,
I can't hide this anymore.
You know, these women are
putting me on a pedestal,
when two years ago, I was them.
And that was a huge
shift for me just
wanting to help people
and say, you know,
anybody can flick the switch.
Don't spend four years
like I did figuring it out.
>> And then the fact that you
became open and vulnerable
and shared your story,
how did you then find that
that's impacted your career
and your ability to connect
and engage with people?
>> I created a--
I wrote a book about
what happened to me,
and I created a movie about it.
It was kind of like
this situation here.
I had a film for the
launch of the book,
and I cried in that story.
I was reliving it
like I cried before.
It's just so real for me.
And I was hesitant
about putting that out.
I thought, should I
just tell it in the book
and not get real
and raw about it?
And the producer said to me,
no, Pam, that's the story.
You've got to put it out.
And the feedback that I had from
women from seeing that video
and saying, Pam, you
know, you changed my life.
You made me realize that
it's OK to fall down,
and you can get back up again.
So yeah, it really
was a life-changing
and put me on the path that
I'm on now, which is awesome.
I love it, changing women's
lives for the better.
>> So if-- can we go just back
for a second when you spoke
about using money and getting
out of debt as a motivator?
>> Yep.
>> So obviously,
through your experience,
you've had an enormous amount
of anxiety that would have come
out of the financial loss
that you went through.
>> Yeah.
>> And then you formed a
strategy to actually get
yourself out of debt.
>> Yes.
>> So along the way,
you know, if we have,
in our audience
today, listening,
people who are either in
a position of depression
or anxiety because of
their financial situation,
what kind of tips and tools
could you start directing them
in to help manage that
situation for themselves?
>> You have to give
yourself small quick wins.
You have to work
your way back up,
and I just kept stretching
myself a little bit more
and a little bit more.
So I'll give you an example.
I promised my child that
he could have a puppy when
he was six years old, and--
actually, it was
when he was five.
And I broke that promise,
and I didn't like that.
And so I said to my husband,
Hunter's a six years old,
and this is after we'd
been on the mindset cruise.
So we'd shifted.
And I said, it's time
for him to have a yard,
and it's time for us
to move into a house.
But we were paying a rent that
was so comfortable for us.
And once again, we had to
get over that mindset of,
we're comfortable now.
Shall we just stay here?
And I said to Steve,
we're not stretching.
So we found a house that
was four times what we were
paying where we were living.
>> Wow, that's
stretching yourself.
>> That was a huge stretch.
But I said to Steve-- we
went-- walked down there,
and we went and
looked at this house,
and I walked in the door,
and I said, this is it.
This is the house I want
to bring up my child.
And Steve looked at me,
and he just freaked out.
And I looked at him, and in
that moment, I said to him,
we can do this.
It was a belief thing.
I said, we can do this.
And he looked at
me, and he looked
at Hunter, who was just
running around the backyard,
and he said, let's do it.
That shift of just taking
a stretch of self-belief,
we made four, five,
six times what
we needed to live there
in the first six months.
>> So do you remember anything
specific on the millionaire
mindset cruise that you went on?
>> Yes.
>> Do you-- so give me something
specific that you remember from
that cruise that you brought
home and you put into action
straight away.
>> Well, when we
were on the cruise,
we were given the opportunity
to have a hot seat.
And for those people
who don't know
what a hot seat is, it's where
you get to speak to someone
who's really successful,
tell them about your idea
or what you're
planning on doing,
and they will tell you
whether to [BLUBBERS] it,
it's a waste of
time, or it's a goer.
And so Steve I thought this
is an awesome opportunity,
so we planned this
whole business
that we thought was
going to be fantastic.
We were still in the unit.
And we went on this cruise, and
we were so excited about it.
I had the whole business
plan ready to launch,
running an event, all as
soon as we got off the boat.
We had this hot seat, and
they said, don't do it.
>> Oh, no.
>> And seriously, it was like--
I was so deflated.
I really thought
it was a good idea.
But I'm a very intuitive person,
and my gut said he was wrong.
So I said to Steve,
I don't care.
I said, I have to
do this for me.
And he said, let's do it.
So six weeks after
we got off that boat,
we ran that first event.
And we made $70,000 in one day.
>> Wow.
>> And we bumped into that man
who gave us that advice a year
and a half later, and he
came up to us, and he said,
I was so not on the money.
He said, congratulations
for not listening to me.
>> Well, I was going to say,
there were so many messages
right there.
>> Yeah.
>> Because from where you'd
come from to being on that boat,
and for somebody just to
have blanked you right there
and said, forget it, that
could have been enough to--
for a lot of people, just to
send them straight back down
into the depression of
helplessness and, you know,
disempowerment that you were
in all of a few months ago.
>> Yeah.
>> But you had something extra
that stopped you from going
back there.
I mean just the message to
tune into your own intuition
and be a believer
within yourself.
>> Yeah.
>> And reconnected to that.
>> Yeah, same thing happened
with the books, you know.
Or even my dad-- he's my dad.
I've always had that thing.
My dad said to me--
it was before I met my husband.
I was going to sell--
I had these shares.
And I said to Dad, I want
to buy this townhouse.
And he said, you
never sell shares.
I said, Dad, I just--
I can't buy this townhouse.
I knew it was a good
property to buy.
I said, I can't buy this
townhouse without the shares,
selling the shares.
And he said, don't
sell the shares.
And so he lived in Canada,
and that was over the phone.
And the next day, I just
thought, I want this townhouse.
I'm not going to listen.
So I sold the shares.
Four days later, the
share crashed hard.
So I bought this townhouse,
tripled my money,
and once again, it was just
me, just in my gut knowing.
I listened to the advice.
I assessed the risk.
So that's another thing.
What is the worst case
scenario if this goes belly up?
And if you can live with
the worst case scenario,
then I say, don't die wondering.
You've got to have a go.
And that's how I
live my life now.
>> I really love that advice.
>> Yeah.
>> If you can live with
the worst case scenario,
then go and give it a go.
>> Yep.
Absolutely.
And the same thing
happened with the books.
I never knew how
to write a book.
I never wanted to write a book.
I failed English,
for crying out loud.
>> And look at the success that
you have made out of mentoring
others, I included, in writing.
You know, leaving their
message, their story,
their footprint has been
absolutely phenomenal.
And you know, in doing so,
the gift of giving people
their own voice has helped
so many people either bring
themselves back into themselves
and lift themselves out
of places of anxiety
and depression--
>> Yes.
>> --to the ability of just
being able to share your story.
>> That's right.
Look at Maria Powell.
I mean here's this woman on
the streets at the age of 11
selling her body just to
stay alive, drugs, bipolar.
And now she has her own
not for profit, speaking
on stages around the world.
She's got four number
one bestselling books,
and she's changing lives.
That never happened until
she wrote that book.
>> I know.
I can't wait to speak to her.
She's amazing.
>> Amazing.
>> Another amazing inspiration.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's why I
do it, because books
and people's stories
change lives.
And lots of people's books
have impacted my life.
>> Can you share with
us one of your favorite,
most inspirational
changing books?
>> I'm reading a
book at the moment,
which is a little
bit left of field.
And it's about this
guy who's talking
about-- see, a
lot of people talk
about the law of
attraction, and I'm not
really into this law
of attraction thing.
I believe in the love action.
His name's Richard Dotson,
and I, for some reason,
fell on this book when I
was doing market research.
I'd never seen or heard
of this guy before.
And he started talking
about the energy.
He said, the reason why
people don't get results
is not because
you're not trying.
It's the energy
behind how they try.
So he started saying,
if you go and set
a goal that, inside, you feel is
not really achievable, that is
the energy that
you're putting out,
and you're not
going to achieve it.
So you can like goals
until the cows come home,
if the energy inside--
he said, so you--
he's all about setting
intentions and entirely
forgetting about it.
He said, because if you
focus on trying to get
and trying to get, what
are you putting out there?
It's lack.
And then you just
attract more lack.
So he made me start
shifting my whole mindset.
And so he said, the way you do
it is you put an intention out,
and he said, test it.
So he said-- so I put an
intention in this little book,
so $100.
He said, just do something,
and see if it happens.
Well, that afternoon,
I found $100.
I had like all my million
dollar notes that I collect.
And I was sifting through
my million dollar notes,
and I went, and I was about
to go and get some cash out.
And there's this $100 note that
I didn't know was in my wallet.
So that was the first one.
So I thought, oh, this is good.
I want to do 1,000.
Let's see if this
works, because I just--
you know.
So I did 1,000,
put it in my thing.
Seven days later,
out of the blue,
I get a phone call from
this woman, who says, Pam,
I need your help.
And you said it was going
to cost-- two-hour session,
here's $1,000.
Put it in my account.
I had not planned this,
totally out of the blue.
So of course, what
am I doing now?
$100,000.
And I think I'm about
to make it in the next--
so what I decided
to do was I thought,
I'll do a document,
this guy what he tells
you to do, and see if it works.
So I've been doing it
for eight weeks now.
I'm doing it for 12.
And my third one was 100.
I put 100,000.
I want to make
$100,000, and I think
I'm going to nail that
in about two more days.
>> So I think probably our
audience really wants to know
the name of that book again.
It's the--
>> His name is Richard--
no, it's actually--
he's got about 12 books.
So he goes into the
different things,
and it-- and the thing that's
so awesome about it is he
gives you action steps to test.
He says, don't leave me.
Just go and do it.
You know, and the thing that
made me think differently--
Steve has been do it.
And my husband is so not
into this love woo-woo stuff.
He loves it,
absolutely loves it.
And so he's been
doing the same thing.
So it's all about
the energy that you
put behind what you're
doing shifts where the way
your head thinks, shifts
about what comes and happens
to you, because I'm a
little bit of a pessimist.
And so I was really struggling
with this happy book stuff
all the time.
But he made it shift
just to be about putting
the energy behind it,
and then teaches you
how to do different things.
So I highly recommend that,
you know, if you want it,
just give it a go.
You know, try you know.
>> Well, it's
really interesting,
because what you're
talking about, I think,
is a really important point
to share with our audience,
because we're
talking about energy,
and we're talking
about intention.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's one thing
to have a thought,
but it's another thing to
actually be able to believe
that thought is possible.
>> Yes.
>> And so the energy you're
talking about is actually
the belief that we hold
essentially in our hearts.
We talk about intuition,
or we talk about feeling.
And unless we can meet that
thought with enough belief
that that thought is
possible, then thought alone
is never going to be enough.
>> No.
>> And you know, I think
there's a famous quote.
You know, you get what you
think about most of the time.
>> Yeah.
>> Or Henry Ford's,
if you think you can,
or whether you think
you can't, it's true,
because thinking makes it so.
But the other side of
that is the believing,
so one of my favorite
quotes is, what
the man-- what the mind
of man can conceive,
i.e. his thought, but
bring himself to believe,
which is meeting that thought
with enough energy and emotion.
Then he can achieve it.
>> I wrote a book just
a couple of weeks ago.
I'm making gift
books at the moment,
so they're empowering
books, but they're short.
So instead of giving someone
a birthday card or a card,
you can actually send
them these gift books,
and they have inspirational
messages in them.
And I came across an
anonymous quote the other day,
and I'm using it
in all my books,
because it just
jumped out at me.
And it's, she believed
she could, so she did.
And that's just what I'm about.
Eventually, when I believed
I could again, I did.
And that's what
I want to empower
people to do-- take
inspired action,
because you don't believe it.
And that's what he
talks about, too,
in the book about
becoming a millionaire.
Everybody says, I want
to become a millionaire,
but they actually don't
believe they can achieve it.
>> So I know that, you know,
speaking to anybody who has
come from adversity and come
through that and really come
out the other side, I haven't
come across one person yet who
hasn't been able to share a gift
of learning from the adversity.
>> Yeah.
>> What would you say would be
your number one learning from
the hardship that you've
endured and come through?
>> Get over it a lot faster.
I look back now,
and I just thought,
I wallowed in self-pity
for four years.
What I could have done
in that four years--
don't dwell on
yesterday, seriously.
I had a bad day yesterday.
It was a really bad day.
You know, I didn't sleep
all night last night
thinking how bad it was.
But then this Dot--
Steve calls him Richard
Dotstick, Dotsy calls him.
He just says, it's gone.
Don't dwell.
So if you're holding
onto something that's
happened in your
childhood or your life
or a mistake you made,
it's done and dusted.
Let's make today-- he's
all about being present.
He said, let's make
today a different chapter
in how that life
story is going to end.
And that would be the
biggest one for me.
Let it go.
>> Let it go.
>> Realize that you are
more than your situation.
>> Yep.
>> More than your circumstance.
Stop hating people.
Stop blaming people.
Just make an awesome life.
>> Step out of
victim consciousness.
>> Yeah.
>> Become victorious.
>> And your world will change.
Your world will change once
you just say, you know what?
That was yesterday.
>> Fantastic.
>> Yeah.
>> Pam, it's been an absolute
pleasure, but before we go,
I have one more question that
I'm asking all of our speakers,
and the main reason being
because throughout time,
philosophers have always said
that we get what we think
and that our brain
believes what we tell it.
And now neuroscience had brought
the evidence to prove that.
So the "I am" is a very
strong, powerful statement
to use in realigning
your mindset
and creating intention
with the right energy.
So what would be
your "I am" that you
would say to yourself
every day to reinforce
what it is you want to believe?
>> I am my own success story.
That's it.
If it's going to
be, it's up to me.
That's it.
>> Beautiful.
Thank you so much
for joining us.
Thank you for your wisdom
and sharing your journey,
and with that,
inspiring our audience.
It's been fantastic.
Thank you.